Update for Single Sign On changes (#1569)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/manage/_index.md

## Create Account and Log In

To get started on the Viam app, you must log in as an authorized user.

> Viam support sign up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and Email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viam support sign up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and email.
```
Minor/nit?

Navigate to [the main page](https://app.viam.com/).
If you haven't created a user yet, click **Sign Up** to create a new user using your prefered Single Sign On method or your email address and a password.

> If you already have a user, click **Log In** to log in using your Single Sign On credentials or your email address and password.

Author: ```suggestion
If you already have an account, click **Log In** to log in using your Single Sign On credentials or your email address and password.
```

If you forget your password to the app, click **Forgot password** and enter your email address to obtain instructions to reset your password.

{{< alert title="Info" color="info" >}}
We do not automatically merge Single Sign On accounts.

> If you use Google to log in and then sign up with Apple, Viam treats that as two separate accounts.

Reviewer: Not a comment on wording here but this is fairly common right? If this is specifically requested would agree to keep but not sure if this really needs a tip

Author: Lots of places merge accounts and we will probably do that in the future. We'll remove this comment then :)

Reviewer 2: I would just state that accounts created from separate auth sources are unique to each other, rather than stating that we don't do a thing the user was perhaps not assuming we did.

Q: Does it also apply equally to Email auth (non-SSO)? That is, if I have an Email/PW account and create an Apple SSO account -- are those separate as well? All previous language uses "SSO or Email" language, so I think we'd need mention here as well if so.

Author: Also separate - just tested

> We do not automatically merge Single Sign On accounts.
> If you use Google to log in and then sign up with Apple, Viam treats that as two separate accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
Accounts created from separate authentication sources are unique to each other.
```

## Create Account and Log In

To get started on the Viam app, you must log in as an authorized user.
Viam support sign up using Google, GitHub, Apple, and Email.

Navigate to [the main page](https://app.viam.com/).
If you haven't created a user yet, click **Sign Up** to create a new user using your prefered Single Sign On method or your email address and a password.
If you already have a user, click **Log In** to log in using your Single Sign On credentials or your email address and password.

If you forget your password to the app, click **Forgot password** and enter your email address to obtain instructions to reset your password.

{{< alert title="Info" color="info" >}}
We do not automatically merge Single Sign On accounts.
If you use Google to log in and then sign up with Apple, Viam treats that as two separate accounts.
{{< /alert >}}

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
